hi everybody I feel like I'm in a
revival this is great it's great to be
back in my old stomping grounds of San
Francisco when I graduated UCLA I moved
to Northern California and I lived in a
little town called Elk on the Mendocino
Coast and I didn't have a phone or TV
but I had us mail and life was good back
then if you could remember it I'd go to
the general store for a cup of coffee
and a brownie and I chipped my film to
San Francisco and lo and behold two days
later it would have been de pon my front
door which was way better than having to
fight the traffic of Hollywood I didn't
have much money but I had time in a
sense of wonder so I started shooting
time-lapse photography it would take me
a month to shoot a four-minute roll of
film because that's all I could afford
I've been shooting time-lapse flowers
continuously non-stop 24 hours a day
seven days a week for over thirty years
and to see them move is a dance I'll
never get tired of your beauty immerses
us with color taste touch it also
provides a third of the food we eat
beauty and seduction is nature's tools
for survival because we protect what we
fall in love with
it opens our hearts and makes us realize
we are a part of nature and we're not
separate from it when we see ourselves
in nature it also connects us to every
one of us because it's clear that it's
all connected in one when people see my
images a lot of times they'll say oh my
god have you ever wondered what that
meant the O means it caught your
attention it makes you present makes you
mindful the mine means it connects to
something deep inside your soul it brand
creates a gateway for your inner voice
to rise up and be heard and God God is a
personal journey we all want to be on to
be inspired to feel like we're connected
to a universe that celebrates life did
you know that 80% of the information we
receive comes through our eyes and if
you can pair light energy to musical
scales it would only be one octave that
the naked eye could see which is right
in the middle and aren't be grateful for
our brains that can you know take this
electrical impulse that comes from light
energy to create images in order for us
to explore our world and aren't we
grateful that we have hearts to conceal
these vibrations in order for us to
allow ourselves to feel the pleasure in
the beauty of nature
nature's beauty is a gift that
cultivates appreciation and gratitude
so I have a gift I want to share with
you today a project I'm working on
called happiness revealed and it'll give
us a glimpse into that perspective from
the point of view of a child and an
elderly man of that world when I watch
TV it's just some shows that you just
better pretend and and when you explore
you get more imagination than you
already had and um when you get more
imagination it makes you want to go
deeper in so you can get more and see
beautiful or things like it could the
path if it's Pathak could leave you it
could lead it to a beach or something
and it could be beautiful
you
you think this is just another day in
your life it's not just another day it's
the one day that is given to you today
it's given to you it's a gift it's the
only gift that you have right now and
the only appropriate response is
gratefulness
if you do nothing else but to cultivate
that response to the great gift that
this unique day is if you learn to
respond as if it were the first day in
your life
and the very last day then you will have
spent this day very well begin by
opening your eyes and be surprised that
you have eyes you can open that
incredible array of colors that is
constantly offered to us for pure
enjoyment look at the sky
we so rarely look at the sky he's so
really North how different it is from
moment to moment with clouds coming and
going we just think of the weather the
evil of the weather we don't think of
all the many nuances of weather we just
think of good weather and bad weather
this day right now has unique weather
maybe a kind that will never exactly in
that form come again the formation of
clouds in the sky will never be the same
that is right now open your eyes look at
that look at the faces of people whom
you meet each one has a incredible story
behind their face a story that you could
never fully fathom
not only their own story but the story
of the ancestors they all go back so far
and in this present moment on this day
are the people you meet on that life
from generations and from so many places
all over the world flows together and
meets you here like a life-giving water
if you only open your heart and drink
open your heart - and the incredible
gifts that civilization gives to us you
flip a switch and - electric light you
turn a faucet that's warm water and cold
water and drinkable water it's a gift
that millions and millions in the world
will never experience so these are just
a few of an enormous number of gifts to
which we can open your heart and so I
wish you that you will open your heart
to all these blessings and let them flow
through you that everyone we will meet
on this day will be blessed by you just
by your eyes by your smile by your touch
just by your presence let the
gratefulness overflow into blessing all
around you and then it will really be a
good day thank you thank you very much